I wanted to give you a quick note on something called HTP too.
Up until now we've talked about HGP And that's actually a sure to be one issue GP 2 is a protocol update
that's still compatible with GGP but its main goal is to improve network latency something that we've
talked about how fast we can deliver files back and forth.
From server to the client and in our discussion of combining texting graphics I wanted to point out
that HTP too may change how you consider combining resources.
For example the techniques we've discussed like minification compression image optimization should definitely
be continued with HTP too.
However physically combining files into a bundle as discussed above might not achieve the desired results
with a sheet too because of something called multiplexing.
This is primarily because server requests are faster on HTP too.
So combining Faisel eliminate a request may not be actually substantially faster and the features of
HGP too are definitely worth exploring and there's many many things.
It's binary instead of textual.
It's fully multiplexed.
In theory it can have one connection for something called parallelism.
So with one connection I have many many files sent to it.
It also allows for something called Server push but I'm going to list some resources for you to follow.
If you want to read more by should keep it too.
It's still not widely adopted yet.
It definitely will.
As with anything in technology and definitely in web development things evolve and strategies evolve.
So keep that in mind and definitely check out HGP to by the way if you're curious.
How do I implement a server with HTP too.
Well it's quite easy actually.
This is actually a Notes server that I just created.
And if you're using Knode above version a point a point one you'll have this and you'll be able to use
the TTP to to create a server and deliver files through that protocol.
Again it's always good to keep an eye out on new and evolving technologies and I hope you find the resources
after this video useful.
I'll talk to you soon.
Bye bye.